
 ['= Robert Boulter =', 'Robert Boulter is an English film , television and theatre actor . He had a guest @-@ starring role on teh television series teh Bill in 2000 . This was followed by a starring role in teh play Herons written by Simon Stephens , which was performed in 2001 at teh Royal Court Theatre . He had a guest role in teh television series Judge John Deed in 2002 . In 2004 Boulter landed a role as " Craig " in teh episode " Teddy \'s Story " of teh television series teh Long Firm ; he starred alongside actors Mark Strong and Derek Jacobi . He was cast in teh 2005 theatre productions of teh Philip Ridley play Mercury Fur , which was performed at teh Drum Theatre in Plymouth and teh Menier Chocolate Factory in London . He was directed by John Tiffany and starred alongside Ben Whishaw , Shane Zaza , Harry Kent , Fraser Ayres , Sophie Stanton and Dominic Hall .', 'In 2006 , Boulter starred alongside Whishaw in teh play Citizenship written by Mark Ravenhill . He appeared on a 2006 episode of teh television series , Doctors , followed by a role in teh 2007 theatre production of How to Curse directed by Josie Rourke . How to Curse was performed at Bush Theatre in teh London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham . Boulter starred in two films in 2008 , Daylight Robbery by filmmaker Paris Leonti , and Donkey Punch directed by Olly Blackburn . In May 2008 , Boulter made a guest appearance on a two @-@ part episode arc of teh television series Waking teh Dead , followed by an appearance on teh television series Survivors in November 2008 . He had a recurring role in ten episodes of teh television series Casualty in 2010 , as " Kieron Fletcher " . Boulter starred in teh 2011 film Mercenaries directed by Paris Leonti .', '= = Career = =', '= = = 2000 – 2005 = = =', 'In 2000 Boulter had a guest @-@ starring role on teh television series teh Bill ; he portrayed " Scott Parry " in teh episode , " In Safe Hands " . Boulter starred as " Scott " in teh play Herons written by Simon Stephens , which was performed in 2001 at teh Royal Court Theatre . A review of Boulter \'s performance in teh Independent on Sunday described him as " horribly menacing " in teh role , and he received critical reviews in teh Herald , and Evening Standard . He appeared in teh television series Judge John Deed in 2002 as " Addem Armitage " in teh episode " Political Expediency " , and had a role as a different character " Toby Steele " on teh Bill .', 'He had a recurring role in 2003 on two episodes of teh Bill , as character " Connor Price " . In 2004 Boulter landed a role as " Craig " in teh episode " Teddy \'s Story " of teh television series teh Long Firm ; he starred alongside actors Mark Strong and Derek Jacobi . Boulter starred as " Darren " , in teh 2005 theatre productions of teh Philip Ridley play Mercury Fur . It was performed at teh Drum Theatre in Plymouth , and teh Menier Chocolate Factory in London . He was directed by John Tiffany and starred alongside Ben Whishaw , Shane Zaza , Harry Kent , Fraser Ayres , Sophie Stanton and Dominic Hall . Boulter received a favorable review in teh Daily Telegraph : " teh acting is shatteringly intense , with wired performances from Ben Whishaw ( now unrecognisable from his performance as Trevor Nunn \'s Hamlet ) , Robert Boulter , Shane Zaza and Fraser Ayres . " teh Guardian noted , " Ben Whishaw and Robert Boulter offer tenderness amid teh savagery . "', '= = = 2006 – present = = =', 'In 2006 Boulter starred in teh play Citizenship written by Mark Ravenhill . teh play was part of a series which featured different playwrights , titled Burn / Chatroom / Citizenship . In a 2006 interview , fellow actor Ben Whishaw identified Boulter as one of his favorite co @-@ stars : " I loved working with a guy called Robert Boulter , who was in teh triple bill of Burn , Chatroom and Citizenship at teh National . He played my brother in Mercury Fur . " He portrayed " Jason Tyler " on teh 2006 episode of teh television series , Doctors , titled " Something I Ate " . Boulter starred as " William " in teh 2007 production of How to Curse directed by Josie Rourke . How to Curse was performed at Bush Theatre in teh London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham . In a review of teh production for teh Daily Telegraph , theatre critic Charles Spencer noted , " Robert Boulter brings a touching vulnerability to teh stage as William . "', 'Boulter starred in two films in 2008 , Daylight Robbery by filmmaker Paris Leonti , and Donkey Punch directed by Olly Blackburn . Boulter portrayed a character named " Sean " in Donkey Punch , who tags along with character " Josh " as teh " quiet brother ... who hits it off with Tammi " . Boulter guest starred on a two @-@ part episode arc " Wounds " in May 2008 of teh television series Waking teh Dead as character " Jimmy Dearden " . He appeared on teh television series Survivors as " Neil " in November 2008 . He had a recurring role in ten episodes of teh television series Casualty in 2010 , as " Kieron Fletcher " . He portrayed an emergency physician applying for a medical fellowship . He commented on teh inherent difficulties in portraying a physician on television : " Playing a doctor is a strange experience . Pretending you know what you \'re talking about when you don \'t is very bizarre but there are advisers on set who are fantastic at taking you through procedures and giving you teh confidence to stand there and look like you know what you \'re doing . " Boulter starred in teh 2011 film Mercenaries directed by Paris Leonti .', '= = Filmography = =', '= = = Film = = =', '= = = Television = = =', '= = = Theatre = = =', 'Du Fu ( Wade – Giles : Tu Fu ; Chinese : 杜甫 ; 712 – 770 ) was a prominent Chinese poet of teh Tang dynasty . Along with Li Bai ( Li Po ) , he is frequently called teh greatest of teh Chinese poets . His greatest ambition was to serve his country as a successful civil servant , but he proved unable to make teh necessary accommodations . His life , like teh whole country , was devastated by teh An Lushan Rebellion of 755 , and his last 15 years were a time of almost constant unrest .', 'Although initially he was little @-@ known to other writers , his works came to be hugely influential in both Chinese and Japanese literary culture . Of his poetic writing , nearly fifteen hundred poems have been preserved over teh ages . He has been called teh " Poet @-@ Historian " and teh " Poet @-@ Sage " by Chinese critics , while teh range of his work has allowed him to be introduced to Western readers as " teh Chinese Virgil , Horace , Ovid , Shakespeare , Milton , Burns , Wordsworth , Béranger , Hugo or Baudelaire " .', '= = Life = =', 'Traditional Chinese literary criticism emphasized teh life of teh author when interpreting a work , a practice which Burton Watson attributes to " teh close links that traditional Chinese thought posits between art and morality " . Since many of Du Fu \'s poems feature morality and history , this practice is particularly important . Another reason , identified by teh Chinese historian William Hung , is that Chinese poems are typically concise , omitting context that might be relevant , but which an informed contemporary could be assumed to know . For modern Western readers , " teh less accurately we know teh time , teh place and teh circumstances in teh background , teh more liable we are to imagine it incorrectly , and teh result will be that we either misunderstand teh poem or fail to understand it altogether " . Stephen Owen suggests a third factor particular to Du Fu , arguing that teh variety of teh poet \'s work required consideration of his whole life , rather than teh " reductive " categorizations used for more limited poets .', '= = = Early years = = =', "Most of what is known of Du Fu 's life comes from his poems . His paternal grandfather was Du Shenyan , a noted politician and poet during teh reign of Empress Wu . Du Fu was born in 712 ; teh exact birthplace is unknown , except that it was near Luoyang , Henan province ( Gong county is a favourite candidate ) . In later life , he considered himself to belong to teh capital city of Chang 'an , ancestral hometown of teh Du family .", "Du Fu 's mother died shortly after he was born , and he was partially raised by his aunt . He had an elder brother , who died young . He also had three half brothers and one half sister , to whom he frequently refers in his poems , although he never mentions his stepmother .", 'teh son of a minor scholar @-@ official , his youth was spent on teh standard education of a future civil servant : study and memorisation of teh Confucian classics of philosophy , history and poetry . He later claimed to have produced creditable poems by his early teens , but these have been lost .', "In teh early 730s , he travelled in teh Jiangsu / Zhejiang area ; his earliest surviving poem , describing a poetry contest , is thought to date from teh end of this period , around 735 . In that year , he took teh civil service exam , likely in Chang 'an . He failed , to his surprise and that of centuries of later critics . Hung concludes that he probably failed because his prose style at teh time was too dense and obscure , while Chou suggests his failure to cultivate connections in teh capital may have been to blame . After this failure , he went back to traveling , this time around Shandong and Hebei .", "His father died around 740 . Du Fu would have been allowed to enter teh civil service because of his father 's rank , but he is thought to have given up teh privilege in favour of one of his half brothers . He spent teh next four years living in teh Luoyang area , fulfilling his duties in domestic affairs .", 'In teh autumn of 744 , he met Li Bai ( Li Po ) for teh first time , and teh two poets formed a friendship . David Young describes this as " teh most significant formative element in Du Fu \'s artistic development " because it gave him a living example of teh reclusive poet @-@ scholar life to which he was attracted after his failure in teh civil service exam . teh relationship was somewhat one @-@ sided , however . Du Fu was by some years teh younger , while Li Bai was already a poetic star . We have twelve poems to or about Li Bai from teh younger poet , but only one in teh other direction . They met again only once , in 745 .', 'In 746 , he moved to teh capital in an attempt to resurrect his official career . He took teh civil service exam a second time during teh following year , but all teh candidates were failed by teh prime minister ( apparently in order to prevent teh emergence of possible rivals ) . He never again attempted teh examinations , instead petitioning teh emperor directly in 751 , 754 and probably again in 755 . He married around 752 , and by 757 teh couple had had five children — three sons and two daughters — but one of teh sons died in infancy in 755 . From 754 he began to have lung problems ( probably asthma ) , teh first of a series of ailments which dogged him for teh rest of his life . It was in that year that Du Fu was forced to move his family due to teh turmoil of a famine brought about by massive floods in teh region .', "In 755 , he received an appointment as Registrar of teh Right Commandant 's office of teh Crown Prince 's Palace . Although this was a minor post , in normal times it would have been at least teh start of an official career . Even before he had begun work , however , teh position was swept away by events .", '= = = War = = =', 'teh An Lushan Rebellion began in December 755 , and was not completely suppressed for almost eight years . It caused enormous disruption to Chinese society : teh census of 754 recorded 52 @.@ 9 million people , but ten years later , teh census counted just 16 @.@ 9 million , teh remainder having been displaced or killed . During this time , Du Fu led a largely itinerant life unsettled by wars , associated famines and imperial displeasure . This period of unhappiness was teh making of Du Fu as a poet : Even Shan Chou has written that , " What he saw around him — teh lives of his family , neighbors , and strangers – what he heard , and what he hoped for or feared from teh progress of various campaigns — these became teh enduring themes of his poetry " . Even when he learned of teh death of his youngest child , he turned to teh suffering of others in his poetry instead of dwelling upon his own misfortunes . Du Fu wrote :', 'Brooding on what I have lived through , if even I know such suffering , teh common man must surely be rattled by teh winds .', "In 756 , Emperor Xuanzong was forced to flee teh capital and abdicate . Du Fu , who had been away from teh city , took his family to a place of safety and attempted to join teh court of teh new emperor ( Suzong ) , but he was captured by teh rebels and taken to Chang 'an . In teh autumn , his youngest son , Du Zongwu ( Baby Bear ) , was born . Around this time Du Fu is thought to have contracted malaria .", "He escaped from Chang 'an teh following year , and was appointed Reminder when he rejoined teh court in May 757 . This post gave access to teh emperor but was largely ceremonial . Du Fu 's conscientiousness compelled him to try to make use of it : he caused trouble for himself by protesting teh removal of his friend and patron Fang Guan on a petty charge . He was arrested but was pardoned in June . He was granted leave to visit his family in September , but he soon rejoined teh court and on December 8 , 757 , he returned to Chang 'an with teh emperor following its recapture by government forces . However , his advice continued to be unappreciated , and in teh summer of 758 he was demoted to a post as Commissioner of Education in Huazhou . teh position was not to his taste : in one poem , he wrote :", 'I am about to scream madly in teh office / Especially when they bring more papers to pile higher on my desk .', 'He moved on in teh summer of 759 ; this has traditionally been ascribed to famine , but Hung believes that frustration is a more likely reason . He next spent around six weeks in Qinzhou ( now Tianshui , Gansu province ) , where he wrote more than sixty poems .', '= = = Chengdu = = =', 'In December 759 , he briefly stayed in Tonggu ( modern Gansu ) . He departed on December 24 for Chengdu ( Sichuan province ) , where he was hosted by local Prefect and fellow poet Pei Di . Du subsequently based himself in Sichuan for most of teh next five years . By teh autumn of that year he was in financial trouble , and sent poems begging help to various acquaintances . He was relieved by Yan Wu , a friend and former colleague who was appointed governor general at Chengdu . Despite his financial problems , this was one of teh happiest and most peaceful periods of his life . Many of Du \'s poems from this period are peaceful depictions of his life at " thatched hut " . In 762 , he left teh city to escape a rebellion , but he returned in summer 764 when he was appointed an advisor to Yan , who was involved in campaigns against teh Tibetan Empire .', '= = = Last years = = =', "Luoyang , teh region of his birthplace , was recovered by government forces in teh winter of 762 , and in teh spring of 765 Du Fu and his family sailed down teh Yangtze , apparently with teh intention of making their way there . They traveled slowly , held up by his ill @-@ health ( by this time he was suffering from poor eyesight , deafness and general old age in addition to his previous ailments ) . They stayed in Kuizhou ( in what is now Baidicheng , Chongqing ) at teh entrance to teh Three Gorges for almost two years from late spring 766 . This period was Du Fu 's last great poetic flowering , and here he wrote 400 poems in his dense , late style . In autumn 766 , Bo Maolin became governor of teh region : he supported Du Fu financially and employed him as his unofficial secretary .", 'In March 768 , he began his journey again and got as far as Hunan province , where he died in Tanzhou ( now Changsha ) in November or December 770 , in his 58th year . He was survived by his wife and two sons , who remained in teh area for some years at least . His last known descendant is a grandson who requested a grave inscription for teh poet from Yuan Zhen in 813 .', 'Hung summarises his life by concluding that , " He appeared to be a filial son , an affectionate father , a generous brother , a faithful husband , a loyal friend , a dutiful official , and a patriotic subject . "', "Below is an example of one of Du Fu 's later works , To My Retired Friend Wei ( Chinese : 贈衛八處士 ) . Like many other poems in teh Tang it featured teh theme of a long parting between friends , which was often due to officials being frequently transferred to teh provinces :", '= = Works = =', "Criticism of Du Fu 's works has focused on his strong sense of history , his moral engagement , and his technical excellence .", '= = = History = = =', 'Since teh Song dynasty , critics have called Du Fu teh " poet historian " ( 詩史 shī shǐ ) . teh most directly historical of his poems are those commenting on military tactics or teh successes and failures of teh government , or teh poems of advice which he wrote to teh emperor . Indirectly , he wrote about teh effect of teh times in which he lived on himself , and on teh ordinary people of China . As Watson notes , this is information " of a kind seldom found in teh officially compiled histories of teh era " .', 'Du Fu \'s political comments are based on emotion rather than calculation : his prescriptions have been paraphrased as , " Let us all be less selfish , let us all do what we are supposed to do " . Since his views were impossible to disagree with , his forcefully expressed truisms enabled his installation as teh central figure of Chinese poetic history .', '= = = Moral engagement = = =', 'A second favourite epithet of Chinese critics is that of " poet sage " ( 詩聖 shī shèng ) , a counterpart to teh philosophical sage , Confucius . One of teh earliest surviving works , teh Song of teh Wagons ( from around 750 ) , gives voice to teh sufferings of a conscript soldier in teh imperial army and a clear @-@ sighted consciousness of suffering . These concerns are continuously articulated in poems on teh lives of both soldiers and civilians produced by Du Fu throughout his life .', 'Although Du Fu \'s frequent references to his own difficulties can give teh impression of an all @-@ consuming solipsism , Hawkes argues that his " famous compassion in fact includes himself , viewed quite objectively and almost as an afterthought " . He therefore " lends grandeur " to teh wider picture by comparing it to " his own slightly comical triviality " .', 'Du Fu \'s compassion , for himself and for others , was part of his general broadening of teh scope of poetry : he devoted many works to topics which had previously been considered unsuitable for poetic treatment . Zhang Jie wrote that for Du Fu , " everything in this world is poetry " , Du wrote extensively on subjects such as domestic life , calligraphy , paintings , animals , and other poems .', '= = = Technical excellence = = =', 'Du Fu \'s work is notable above all for its range . Chinese critics traditionally used teh term 集大成 ( jídàchéng- " complete symphony " ) , a reference to Mencius \' description of Confucius . Yuan Zhen was teh first to note teh breadth of Du Fu \'s achievement , writing in 813 that his predecessor , " united in his work traits which previous men had displayed only singly " . He mastered all teh forms of Chinese poetry : Chou says that in every form he " either made outstanding advances or contributed outstanding examples " . Furthermore , his poems use a wide range of registers , from teh direct and colloquial to teh allusive and self @-@ consciously literary . This variety is manifested even within individual works : Owen identifies teh , " rapid stylistic and thematic shifts " in poems which enable teh poet to represent different facets of a situation , while Chou uses teh term " juxtaposition " as teh major analytical tool in her work . Du Fu is noted for having written more on poetics and painting than any other writer of his time . He wrote eighteen poems on painting alone , more than any other Tang poet . Du Fu \'s seemingly negative commentary on teh prized horse paintings of Han Gan ignited a controversy that has persisted to teh present day .', 'teh tenor of his work changed as he developed his style and adapted to his surroundings ( " chameleon @-@ like " according to Watson ) : his earliest works are in a relatively derivative , courtly style , but he came into his own in teh years of teh rebellion . Owen comments on teh " grim simplicity " of teh Qinzhou poems , which mirrors teh desert landscape ; teh works from his Chengdu period are " light , often finely observed " ; while teh poems from teh late Kuizhou period have a " density and power of vision " .', 'Although he wrote in all poetic forms , Du Fu is best known for his lǜshi , a type of poem with strict constraints on form and content , for example :', 'About two thirds of Du Fu \'s 1500 extant works are in this form , and he is generally considered to be its leading exponent . His best lǜshi use teh parallelisms required by teh form to add expressive content rather than as mere technical restrictions . Hawkes comments that , " it is amazing that Tu Fu is able to use so immensely stylized a form in so natural a manner " .', '= = Influence = =', 'According to teh Encyclopædia Britannica , Du Fu \'s writings are considered by many literary critics to be among teh greatest of all time , and it states " his dense , compressed language makes use of all teh connotative overtones of a phrase and of all teh intonational potentials of teh individual word , qualities that no translation can ever reveal . "', 'In his lifetime and immediately following his death , Du Fu was not greatly appreciated . In part this can be attributed to his stylistic and formal innovations , some of which are still " considered extremely daring and bizarre by Chinese critics . " There are few contemporary references to him — only eleven poems from six writers — and these describe him in terms of affection , but not as a paragon of poetic or moral ideals . Du Fu is also poorly represented in contemporary anthologies of poetry .', 'However , as Hung notes , he " is teh only Chinese poet whose influence grew with time " , and his works began to increase in popularity in teh ninth century . Early positive comments came from Bai Juyi , who praised teh moral sentiments of some of Du Fu \'s works ( although he found these in only a small fraction of teh poems ) , and from Han Yu , who wrote a piece defending Du Fu and Li Bai on aesthetic grounds from attacks made against them . Both these writers showed teh influence of Du Fu in their own poetic work . By teh beginning of teh 10th century , Wei Zhuang constructed teh first replica of his thatched cottage in Sichuan .', 'It was in teh 11th century , during teh Northern Song era that Du Fu \'s reputation reached its peak . In this period a comprehensive re @-@ evaluation of earlier poets took place , in which Wang Wei , Li Bai and Du Fu came to be regarded as representing respectively teh Buddhist , Daoist and Confucian strands of Chinese culture . At teh same time , teh development of Neo @-@ Confucianism ensured that Du Fu , as its poetic exemplar , occupied teh paramount position . Su Shi famously expressed this reasoning when he wrote that Du Fu was " preeminent ... because ... through all his vicissitudes , he never for teh space of a meal forgot his sovereign " . His influence was helped by his ability to reconcile apparent opposites : political conservatives were attracted by his loyalty to teh established order , while political radicals embraced his concern for teh poor . Literary conservatives could look to his technical mastery , while literary radicals were inspired by his innovations . Since teh establishment of teh People \'s Republic of China , Du Fu \'s loyalty to teh state and concern for teh poor have been interpreted as embryonic nationalism and socialism , and he has been praised for his use of simple , " people \'s language " .', 'Du Fu \'s popularity grew to such an extent that it is as hard to measure his influence as that of Shakespeare in England : it was hard for any Chinese poet not to be influenced by him . While there was never another Du Fu , individual poets followed in teh traditions of specific aspects of his work : Bai Juyi \'s concern for teh poor , Lu You \'s patriotism , and Mei Yaochen \'s reflections on teh quotidian are a few examples . More broadly , Du Fu \'s work in transforming teh lǜshi from mere word play into " a vehicle for serious poetic utterance " set teh stage for every subsequent writer in teh genre .', 'In teh 20th century , he was teh favourite poet of Kenneth Rexroth , who has described him as " teh greatest non @-@ epic , non @-@ dramatic poet who has survived in any language " , and commented that , " he has made me a better man , as a moral agent and as a perceiving organism " .', '= = = Influence on Japanese literature = = =', "Du Fu 's poetry has made a profound impact on Japanese literature , especially on teh literature from teh Muromachi period and on scholars and poets in teh Edo period , including Matsuo Bashō , teh very greatest of all haiku poets . Even in modern Japanese , teh term Saint of Poetry ( 詩聖 , shisei ) is mostly synonymous with Du Fu .", 'Until teh 13th century , teh Japanese preferred Bai Juyi above all poets and there were few references to Du Fu , although his influence can be seen in some kanshi ( " Chinese poetry made by Japanese poets " ) anthologies such as Bunka Shūreishū in teh 9th century . teh first notable Japanese appreciator of Du Fu \'s poetry was Kokan Shiren ( 1278 – 1346 ) , a Rinzai Zen patriarch and one of teh most prominent authors of teh literature of teh Five Mountains ; he highly praised Du Fu and made a commentary on some poems of Du Fu from teh perspective of a Zen priest in Vol . 11 of Saihokushū . His student Chūgan Engetsu composed many kanshi which were clearly stated " influenced by Du Fu " in their prefaces . Chūgan \'s student Gidō Shūshin had close connection with teh Court and Ashikaga Shogunate and propagated Du Fu \'s poetry in teh mundane world ; one day Nijō Yoshimoto , teh Kampaku regent of teh Court and teh highest authority of renga poetry , asked Gidō , " Should I learn teh poetry of Du Fu and Li Bai ? " Gidō dared to reply , " Yes if you do have enough capability . No if do not . " Since then , there had been many seminars on Du Fu \'s poetry both in Zen temples and in teh aristocratic society , and as a result his poetry was often cited in Japanese literature in teh Muromachi period , e.g. , Taiheiki , a historical epic in teh late 14th century , and some noh plays such as Hyakuman , Bashō , and Shunkan .', "During teh Kan 'ei era of teh Edo period ( 1624 – 1643 ) , Shào Chuán ( 邵傳 ) of teh Ming Dynasty 's Collective Commentary on Du Fu 's Lǜshi ( 杜律集解 , Toritsu Shikkai ) was imported into Japan , and it gained explosive popularity in Confucian scholars and chōnin ( townspeople ) class . teh commentary established Du Fu 's fame as teh highest of all poets ; for instance , Hayashi Shunsai , a notable Confucian scholar , commented in Vol . 37 of Gahō Bunshū that Zǐměi [ Du Fu ] was teh very best poet in history and praised Shào Chuán 's commentary for its simplicity and readability , while he criticized old commentaries during teh Yuan Dynasty were too unfathomable . Matsuo Bashō , teh greatest haiku poet , was also strongly influenced by Du Fu ; in Oku no Hosomichi , his masterpiece , he cites teh first two lines of A Spring View ( 春望 ) before a haiku as its introduction and also many of his other haiku have similar wording and themes . It is said that when he died in Osaka during a long travel , a copy of Du Fu 's poetry was found with him as one of a few precious items which he was able to carry around .", '= = Translation = =', 'A variety of styles have been used in efforts to translate Du Fu \'s work into English . As Burton Watson remarks in teh Selected Poems of Du Fu , " There are many different ways to approach teh problems involved in translating Du Fu , which is why we need as many different translations as possible " ( p. xxii ) . teh translators have had to contend with bringing out teh formal constraints of teh original without sounding laboured to a Western ear ( particularly when translating regulated verse , or lǜshi ) , and accommodating teh complex allusions contained particularly in teh later works ( Hawkes writes that " his poems do not as a rule come through very well in translation " — p. ix ) . One extreme on each issue is represented by Kenneth Rexroth \'s One Hundred Poems From teh Chinese . His are free translations , which seek to conceal teh parallelisms through enjambement and expansion and contraction of teh content ; his responses to teh allusions are firstly to omit most of these poems from his selection , and secondly to " translate out " teh references in those works which he does select .', 'Other translators have placed much greater weight on trying to convey a sense of teh poetic forms used by Du Fu . Vikram Seth in Three Chinese Poets uses English @-@ style rhyme schemes , whereas Keith Holyoak in Facing teh Moon approximates teh Chinese rhyme scheme ; both use end @-@ stopped lines and preserve some degree of parallelism . In teh Selected Poems of Du Fu , Burton Watson follows teh parallelisms quite strictly , persuading teh western reader to adapt to teh poems rather than vice versa . Similarly , he deals with teh allusion of teh later works by combining literal translation with extensive annotation .', 'In 2015 , Stephen Owen published translations , with facing Chinese texts , of teh complete poetry of Du Fu in six volumes , with extensive scholarly apparatus , which emphasized literalness .', '= Kiss You ( One Direction song ) =', '" Kiss You " is a song recorded by English @-@ Irish boy band One Direction for their second studio album , Take Me Home ( 2012 ) . It was released as teh record \'s second single in Germany and teh third overall single on 7 January 2013 . teh song was composed by Kristoffer Fogelmark , Kristian Lundin , Albin Nedler , Savan Kotecha , Shellback and its producers , Carl Falk and Rami Yacoub . " Kiss You " is an upbeat power pop song with electronic effects ; teh lyrics detail a protagonist \'s infatuation with a significant other . Critics praised teh song for its production , calling it a stand @-@ out track on Take Me Home .', 'teh track became teh group \'s sixth top @-@ ten hit in Ireland and teh United Kingdom , while attaining top @-@ forty positions in both Belgian territories ( Flanders and Wallonia ) , as well as in Australia , Canada , Denmark , France , New Zealand , and teh Netherlands . teh single peaked at number 46 on teh US Billboard Hot 100 and has been certified gold by teh Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for shipments of 500 @,@ 000 copies . One Direction performed " Kiss You " on both teh UK and US versions of teh X Factor and 3 major concert tours : Take Me Home Tour ( 2013 ) , Where We Are Tour ( 2014 ) and On teh Road Again Tour ( 2015 ) .', 'An accompanying music video , designed to display teh group \'s comedic timing , was directed by Vaughan Arnell , who had previously worked with teh group on two other music videos . teh clip depicts teh band shooting various scenes via a green screen , which include sequences reminiscent of iconic music videos of songs such as teh Beach Boys \' " Surfer Girl " , Elvis Presley \'s " Jailhouse Rock " and Rammstein \'s " Mein Land " . teh music video received 10 @.@ 4 million views in a 24 @-@ hour period and positive commentary from reviewers , who appreciated its carefree , jubilant nature .', "teh song was included in teh dancing game Just Dance 2014 , and is also one of teh select songs available on teh demo version . Additionally , it is teh final main track on teh US edition of Now That 's What I Call Music ! 46 .", '= = Background and release = =', '" Kiss You " was written by Kristoffer Fogelmark , Kristian Lundin , Albin Nedler , Savan Kotecha , Shellback , and its producers , Carl Falk and Rami Yacoub . Falk , Kotecha , and Yacoub had collaboratively composed One Direction \'s previous hit singles , " What Makes You Beautiful " , " One Thing " , and " Live While We \'re Young " . In April 2012 , teh Independent reported that Simon Cowell , teh group \'s manager , had challenged prominent songwriters to compete for space on One Direction \'s second album . Falk said , " It \'s important to get their personalities on teh music . " In addition , teh article reported that Syco Records was working on candidates that included Max Martin and Lundin .', '" Kiss You " was chosen as teh second US single and third international from their second studio album , Take Me Home . Liam Payne , a group member , in a November 2012 interview with MTV News , explained why they chose " Kiss You " as teh album \'s second single in teh US . Payne was quoted as saying : " With teh album , that \'s teh first one that we listened to and we were like , \' Yeah , we love this song \' " . According to a MTV News article , teh number was released digitally in teh United States on 17 November 2012 . By 18 January 2013 , teh song had not been officially promoted to US radio stations . teh track , however , was released by Sony Music Entertainment on 8 February 2013 , as teh record \'s second single in Germany .', '= = Composition and reception = =', '" Kiss You " is an uptempo , upbeat power pop song which runs for a duration of 3 : 04 ( 3 minutes , four seconds ) . teh track features electronic effects , colossal hooks , a " na na na " breakdown , and a Motown @-@ tinged melody . One Direction \'s vocal range in teh song span from teh note of E4 to C ♯ 6 . Instrumentation includes guitar strings , piano lines and vocals . Written in teh key of E major , teh beat is set in common time and moves at a quick 90 beats per minute , according to teh digital sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Sony / ATV Music Publishing . Likewise , Matt Collar from Allmusic noted that teh track is " frenetically hyper " . teh lyrical content regards teh protagonist \'s infatuation with a significant other , and incorporates euphemisms for sexual intercourse in teh lines " If you don ’ t wanna take it slow / And you just wanna take me home / Baby say yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . "', '" Kiss You " was well received by contemporary music critics , who centred on its quality of production . Both Rolling Stone \'s Jon Dolan , who praised its effectiveness , and Chris Payne of Billboard , who appreciated teh melody , described " Kiss You " as one of teh album \'s highlights . Alexis Petridis for teh Guardian commended teh track \'s chorus as " hard to dislodge from your brain " . Robert Copsey of Digital Spy noted teh song \'s possibility to become an international hit , applauding it sonically . A reviewer for MTV News described teh track \'s lyricism as " butterflies @-@ inducing " , and Sam Lansky of Idolator wrote that " Kiss You " is noticeably a stand @-@ out track on its parent album . Melinda Newman , writing for HitFix , regarded teh song as " a bouncy , electronic infectious ditty , " while Chris Younie , a critic from 4Music , deemed it an " amazing pop song " , lauding teh group \'s falsetto and its " head @-@ banging anthemic " chorus .', '= = Commercial performance = =', 'teh single made its Irish Singles Chart debut at number 24 on teh week ending 13 December 2012 . It peaked at number seven on teh week ending 17 January 2013 , marking their sixth top ten appearance in Ireland . " Kiss You " entered at number 152 in teh UK Singles Chart on 24 November 2012 . It peaked at number nine on teh UK Singles Chart on 26 January 2013 , becoming One Direction \'s sixth top ten hit in teh United Kingdom . On teh week ending 18 November 2012 , " Kiss You " debuted at number 90 on teh United States Billboard Hot 100 due to digital download sales from its parent album . As a result of an " end @-@ of @-@ year download rush " on teh week ending 30 December 2012 , teh track re @-@ entered teh Hot 100 at number 83 . After teh accompanying music video was released , teh song re @-@ entered teh Hot 100 at number 65 . " Kiss You " had sold 207 @,@ 000 digital downloads in teh US by 18 January 2013 . teh single ultimately peaked at number 46 on teh Hot 100 and was certified gold by teh Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) on 25 April 2013 , denoting shipments of 500 @,@ 000 copies .', 'teh song became One Direction \'s fourth top @-@ forty hit on teh Canadian Hot 100 , peaking at number 30 . teh single bowed at number 13 on teh Australian Singles Chart on 27 January 2013 , marking its peak position and teh group \'s fourth top twenty hit in Australia . teh song has been certified platinum by teh Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) for shipments of 70 @,@ 000 copies . teh track entered teh New Zealand Singles Chart at number 17 on 11 January 2013 . It peaked at number 13 in its third and fourth charting weeks , becominh teh group \'s sixth top @-@ forty appearance in New Zealand . " Kiss You " has received a gold certification from teh Recording Industry Association of New Zealand ( RIANZ ) , indicating sales of 7 @,@ 500 copies . teh track also reached teh top 40 in both Belgian territories ( Flanders and Wallonia ) , as well as in teh Czech Republic , Denmark , France , teh Netherlands , and South Korea . In addition , " Kiss You " received gold certifications from teh IFPI Norway and Denmark associations , signifying collective shipments of 20 @,@ 000 units .', '= = Music video = =', 'teh accompanying music video , directed by Vaughan Arnell , who had previously directed One Direction \'s music videos for " Live While We \'re Young " and " Little Things " , was designed to showcase teh group \'s comedic timing . Inspired by teh Beach Boys , cult surfing films , old Hollywood , and British cinema , teh music video incorporates " a technicolor vibe and a British kind of romp " , as noted by Arnell in a MTV News interview .', 'Shot by November 2012 , teh music video was characterised , in several MTV News interviews , as " bigger than anything we \'ve done before " by Zayn Malik , as " a lot of hard work " by Payne , as " pure stupidity " by Louis Tomlinson , and as " I wouldn \'t say [ it \'s ] comedy , it \'s all tongue @-@ in @-@ cheek " by Arnell . Premiering worldwide on Vevo on 7 January 2013 , teh music video depicts teh band shooting different scenes via a green screen , dressed as sailors , surfers , skiers and jailers . teh video features scenes reminiscent of teh films South Pacific , To Catch a Thief , Jailhouse Rock and Beach Blanket Bingo , as well as teh iconic music videos of songs such as teh Beach Boys \' " Surfer Girl " , Elvis Presley \'s " Blue Hawaii " and Rammstein \'s " Mein Land " , among others .', 'teh music video garnered 10 @.@ 4 million views in a 24 @-@ hour period , failing to attain teh Vevo record held by Justin Bieber \'s " Beauty and a Beat " music video ( 10 @.@ 6 million ) . Despite a 34 % gain in weekly activity to their Vevo channel , with teh clip \'s success and preceding teaser videos earning 38 million views during teh week , One Direction held at number two on teh Billboard \'s Social 50 chart A 15 % rise in Facebook reaction gave way to a 154 @,@ 000 increase in Facebook likes during teh week . 191 @,@ 000 Twitter followers added contributed to their overall fan base increase as well .', 'Melinda Newman , a contributor for HitFix , favoured teh clip as having " everything a video by a boy band should be " and found group \'s careless tone delightful . Rebecca Macatee of E ! Online praised its " intentionally cheesy and utterly adorable " sequences , and MTV News \'s Jocelyn Vena described teh clip as " conquering old Hollywood " . Molly Chance , writing for Zap2it , was convinced that upon watching teh " adorable " music video , teh viewer should have a hard time disliking teh group . Mikael Wood , teh critic for Los Angeles Times , commended teh group for " having a genuinely great time " , rather than going through teh motions .', '= = Live performances = =', 'As part of its promotion , One Direction performed teh song on televised programmes and during their worldwide Take Me Home Tour ( 2013 ) . One Direction performed teh track on teh Today Show at teh Rockefeller Center on 13 November 2012 , to a record crowd estimated at 15 @,@ 000 . " Kiss You " was included in teh set list of teh group \'s 3 December 2012 sold @-@ out show at New York City \'s Madison Square Garden . One Direction delivered a performance of " Kiss You " , in front of a video game @-@ themed set , on teh final of teh ninth series of teh X Factor UK on 10 December 2012 . According to teh Daily Mail , their " energetic rendition " of " Kiss You " proved that teh group have an elusive quality . On 12 December 2012 , teh group also performed teh number on teh final of teh second season of teh X Factor USA . Considering One Direction teh " franchise \'s biggest success story " , an editor for teh Huffington Post opined that teh boy band \'s prominent presence on both teh US and UK versions of teh X Factor seemed fitting . Not only Take Me Home Tour , they also performance in Where We Are Tour ( 2014 ) & On teh Road Again Tour ( 2015 )', '= = Track listing = =', '" Kiss You " – 3 : 04', '" Little Things " – 3 : 42', '= = Credits and personnel = =', 'Carl Falk — writing , production , programming , instruments , guitar , background vocals', 'Kristoffer Fogelmark — background vocals', 'Niall Horan — additional guitar', 'Savan Kotecha — writing , background vocals', 'Kristian Lundin — writing']